feat(apple): Add docs for app hangs v2 (#11458)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/configuration/app-hangs.mdx

[SentrySDK resumeAppHangTracking];

```

### App Hangs V2

<Note>

This feature is experimental and may have bugs.

</Note>

> Since version 8.37.0, you can now enable AppHangsV2, which is available on iOS and tvOS. The main difference is that AppHangsV2 differentiates between fully-blocking and non-fully-blocking app hangs which you might choose to ignore. A fully-blocking app hang is when the main thread is stuck completely, and the app can't render a single frame. A non-fully-blocking app hang is when the app appears stuck to the user but can still render a few frames. Fully-blocking app hangs are more actionable because the stacktrace shows the exact blocking location on the main thread. Non-fully-blocking app hangs can have a stacktrace that doesn't highlight the exact blocking location, since the main thread isn't completely blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of version 8.37.0, you can enable AppHangsV2, which is available on iOS and tvOS. The main difference is that AppHangsV2 differentiates between fully-blocking and non-fully-blocking app hangs, which you might choose to ignore. A fully-blocking app hang is when the main thread is stuck completely, and the app can't render a single frame. A non-fully-blocking app hang is when the app appears stuck to the user, but can still render a few frames. Fully-blocking app hangs are more actionable because the stacktrace shows the exact blocking location on the main thread. Non-fully-blocking app hangs can have a stacktrace that doesn't highlight the exact blocking location, since the main thread isn't completely blocked.
```
